Release/v1.2.0 (#11)
golioth/thingy91-golioth: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.2.0] - 2024-05-03

### Changed

- Merge changes from
  [`golioth/reference-design-template@template_v2.2.1`](https://github.com/golioth/reference-design-template/releases/tag/template_v2.2.1).
  This targets Golioth Firmware SDK v0.13.1
- The count of the sensor reads (both up and down) which are recorded using LightDB State will now
  wrap around when reaching max/min value.

> - LightDB State observations are receive JSON replies from server instead of CBOR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LightDB State observations are received as JSON replies from the server instead of CBOR.
```
